= em-xmlrpc-client

This gem monkey patches Ruby's built in XMLRPC::Client to be EventMachine + Fiber aware.  If you are not using EventMachine (or the reactor isn't running), then it will fallback to using XMLRPC::Client's default implemenation (using Net::HTTP).

== Example

  require "eventmachine"
  require "em-xmlrpc-client"

  EM.run do
    Fiber.new do
      client = XMLRPC::Client.new2("http://blah.com/api")
      result = client.call("someMethod", "arg1", 123) # Uses em-http-request.
    end.resume
  end


  client = XMLRPC::Client.new2("http://blah.com/api")
  result = client.call("someMethod", "arg1", 123) # Uses Net::HTTP like normal.

== Dependencies

{em-http-request}[https://github.com/igrigorik/em-http-request] is required if you want to use the EventMachine + Fiber aware implementation.

== Contributing to em-xmlrpc-client
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Christopher J. Bottaro. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

